doc. move a line + add $'s for consistency (#129)
ONSdigital/dp: guides/MAC_SETUP.md

      ```sh
      $ brew cask install iterm2
      ```

>     - the `$` in the above commands represent your shell prompt (`$` is for `bash`, but you might see `%` if using `zsh`) and is not typed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - the `$` in the example commands represents your shell prompt (`$` is for `bash`, but you might see `%` if using `zsh`) and is not typed
```
